sys-devel/gcc no-lto.conf
sys-process/runit no-lto.conf
dev-python/pyorbit no-lto.conf
x11-misc/x11vnc no-lto.conf
dev-qt/qtgui no-lto.conf
dev-vcs/git no-lto.conf
dev-libs/weston no-lto.conf
mail-mta/nullmailer no-lto.conf
app-admin/sudo no-lto.conf
app-arch/p7zip no-lto.conf
media-video/vlc no-lto.conf
dev-libs/boost no-lto.conf
net-print/cups no-lto.conf
app-office/libreoffice no-lto.conf
dev-libs/libaio no-lto.conf
gnome-base/orbit no-lto.conf
sys-devel/flex no-lto.conf
media-libs/libvpx no-lto.conf
sys-apps/man-db no-lto.conf
x11-libs/gtkglext no-lto.conf
sys-fs/btrfs-progs no-lto.conf
dev-util/codeblocks no-lto.conf
media-gfx/mypaint no-lto.conf
sys-block/gparted no-lto.conf
dev-libs/libffi no-lto.conf
app-misc/vlock no-lto.conf
media-libs/mesa no-lto.conf
dev-cpp/libcmis no-lto.conf
sys-boot/syslinux no-lto.conf
