dev-libs/glib no-lto.conf
app-admin/gam-server no-lto.conf
app-crypt/mit-krb5 no-lto.conf
app-emulation/virtualbox no-lto.conf
app-text/rarian no-lto.conf
dev-lang/perl no-lto.conf
dev-lang/ruby no-lto.conf
dev-libs/elfutils no-lto.conf
dev-python/notify-python no-lto.conf
dev-python/numpy no-lto.conf
dev-qt/qtscript no-lto.conf
dev-qt/qtwebkit no-lto.conf
dev-tex/luatex no-lto.conf
dev-vcs/cvs no-lto.conf
media-libs/alsa-lib no-lto.conf
media-libs/x264 no-lto.conf
media-sound/pulseaudio no-lto.conf
media-sound/wavpack no-lto.conf
media-video/ffmpeg no-lto.conf
media-video/libav no-lto.conf
media-video/mplayer2 no-lto.conf
sys-apps/hwinfo no-lto.conf
sys-apps/pciutils no-lto.conf
sys-devel/llvm no-lto.conf
www-client/chromium no-lto.conf
www-client/firefox no-lto.conf
x11-base/xorg-server no-lto.conf
x11-drivers/xf86-video-intel no-lto.conf
x11-libs/cairo no-lto.conf
x11-libs/wxGTK no-lto.conf
sys-libs/glibc no-lto.conf
