# List
dev-libs/glib no-lto
app-admin/gam-server no-lto
app-crypt/mit-krb5 no-lto
app-emulation/virtualbox no-lto
app-text/rarian no-lto
dev-lang/perl no-lto
dev-lang/ruby no-lto
dev-libs/elfutils no-lto
dev-python/notify-python no-lto
dev-python/numpy no-lto
dev-qt/qtscript no-lto
dev-qt/qtwebkit no-lto
dev-tex/luatex no-lto
dev-vcs/cvs no-lto
media-libs/alsa-lib no-lto
media-libs/x264 no-lto
media-sound/pulseaudio no-lto
media-sound/wavpack no-lto
media-video/ffmpeg no-lto
media-video/libav no-lto
media-video/mplayer2 no-lto
sys-apps/hwinfo no-lto
sys-apps/pciutils no-lto
sys-devel/llvm no-lto
www-client/chromium no-lto
www-client/firefox no-lto
#x11-base/xorg-server no-lto
x11-drivers/xf86-video-intel no-lto
x11-libs/cairo no-lto
x11-libs/wxGTK no-lto
sys-libs/glibc no-lto

# More
sys-devel/gcc no-lto
sys-process/runit no-lto
dev-python/pyorbit no-lto
x11-misc/x11vnc no-lto
dev-qt/qtgui no-lto
dev-vcs/git no-lto
dev-libs/weston no-lto
mail-mta/nullmailer no-lto
app-admin/sudo no-lto
app-arch/p7zip no-lto
media-video/vlc no-lto
dev-libs/boost no-lto
net-print/cups no-lto
app-office/libreoffice no-lto
dev-libs/libaio no-lto
gnome-base/orbit no-lto
sys-devel/flex no-lto
media-libs/libvpx no-lto
sys-apps/man-db no-lto
x11-libs/gtkglext no-lto
sys-fs/btrfs-progs no-lto
dev-util/codeblocks no-lto
media-gfx/mypaint no-lto
sys-block/gparted no-lto
dev-libs/libffi no-lto
app-misc/vlock no-lto
media-libs/mesa no-lto
dev-cpp/libcmis no-lto
sys-boot/syslinux no-lto
